DOCS - Update compatibility 7x (#1400)
elastic/elasticsearch-ruby: docs/installation.asciidoc

[discrete]
=== {es} and Ruby Version Compatibility

The {es} client is compatible with currently maintained Ruby versions. We follow Ruby’s own maintenance policy and officially support all currently maintained versions per https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/[Ruby Maintenance Branches].

> Elastic language clients are guaranteed to be able to communicate with Elasticsearch or Elastic solutions running on the same major version and greater or equal minor version.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Elastic language clients are guaranteed to be able to communicate with {es} or Elastic solutions running on the same major version and greater or equal minor version.
```

> Language clients are forward compatible; meaning that clients support communicating with greater minor versions of Elasticsearch. Elastic language clients are not guaranteed to be backwards compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Language clients are forward compatible; meaning that clients support communicating with greater minor versions of {es}. Elastic language clients are not guaranteed to be backward compatible.
```
